[REIN]
Is this real?
Sometimes, adventuring with
these two feels like a dream.
[REIN] When I was fired
from the hero's party,
I didn't think it was
possible to be as happy
as I am right now.
[REIN] Is something
this good meant to last?
Can this feeling last?
[ARIOS]
Hello, Rein, it's been too long.
How's life been treating you?
[TANIA, KANADE grunt]
Come on, let's take
the other way home.
[TANIA, KANADE grunt]
You must be joking.
There's no reason
to be so standoffish.
After all, we were
friends once, weren't we?
Look, we're sorry for
how things played out.
I know we could have
handled that better,
and even if you are
a worthless loser,
I'll admit we should
have expressed that
in a more palatable way.
[grunts]
What's wrong?
[TANIA]
Hey, you said you were friends.
If I had to guess, you guys
are the hero's party, right?
That's none of
your bus-- [gasps]
Huh? Is that a cat spirit?
And a dragonoid?
Why are these two wasting
their time with him?
Why do you think?
We're his friends and we
do everything together!
There's no way.
Oh, I get it now.
The incompetent beast
tamer gave it all up
to be your loyal man-servant.
You'd better watch
your meowth, pretty boy.
Rein was strong
enough to tame us
and become our master!
You've gotta be kidding me!
This garbage-person is capable
of taming an ultimate species?
[ARIOS]
Tch.
That's enough. Was there
a reason you came out here?
We wanted to extend an offer
that you should
find very appealing.
[REIN]
Ah?
It involves the Lost Woods.
Does that ring a bell?
Yes, of course.
I was helping you all scout
and prepare for them.
At least I was, till the point
that you "let me go."
[ARIOS]
Ah, yes.
Well, they've proven to be more
trouble than anticipated.
As you venture deeper
into the Lost Woods,
the pathways change,
and your destination
gets farther out of reach.
A maze befitting its namesake.
Once our bags filled up,
we realized there was only so
much the four of us could carry,
and, in turn, we barely
lasted more than a week.
Which is why we're here, Rein.
We are cordially
requesting your assistance
in completing the job.
Huh?
I know.
I never would've dreamed
we'd get to this point either,
but your beasts might
still prove useful
by scouting ahead
and carrying our loot.
You're deluding yourself
if you thought I'd accept
any offer from you.
[REIN] Especially after the way
you dropped me from the party.
Someone of your
stature should be
honored to contribute
to the hero's party.
I have a feeling
everyone agrees with me.
He has the combat skills
of a feeble child,
but I guess he can be
useful in other ways.
Indeed, even God
would acknowledge that.
Be grateful we extended
such a generous offer
to someone as pathetic as you.
[REIN grunts]
You hear that? Everyone
approves of this offer.
You'll give us a hand
now, won't you?
Forgive me, but no,
find someone else.
Sorry for the delay, you two.
It's not very nice to
keep us girls waiting.
Speak for yourself.
I don't mind at all!
[MINA]
Rein, wait!
What we're doing
isn't merely a job,
but a quest tied to the
very fate of the world.
[REIN]
Huh?
Deep within the Lost Woods
there lies a noble relic
which is necessary to
defeat the Demon King.
It is known as
the Shield of Truth.
Wait, what? Are you serious?
How silly of me.
We may have forgotten
to mention that earlier.
We need all the relics
to defeat the Demon King,
and if we fail, monsters
will take over the world.
The powerful elites can readily
withstand the onslaught,
but what will happen to the
ordinary men,
women, and children?
[REIN gasps]
[REIN] If monsters are
allowed to run rampant...
[REIN] ...cities--
villages everywhere--
could succumb to the
same fate as my own home.
[REIN]
Unless...
[grunts]
You win. I can help you.
Tch. You should've agreed
as soon as we made the offer.
He's always been
slow, big dummy.
[AGGATH]
For pity's sake.
[MINA] You've still managed
to waste our valuable time.
Very well.
Let's go somewhere civilized
to iron out the details.
[TANIA, KANADE]
Hold it right there!
Can I help you?
If it were up to me,
I'd ignore you,
but since Rein really
wants to do this,
I have to step aside.
Before I do, though...
[ARIOS gasps]
[KANADE]
You need to apologize to Rein!
Huh?
I'm not sure what you mean,
considering I apologized
to him a moment ago.
That was the worst excuse
for an apology, ever!
You fired Rein,
destroyed his character,
and now you want his help
because you know you can't
do the job on your own.
I think the only appropriate
course of action here
is to grovel.
So, what are you waiting for?
On your knees, now.
[ALL gasp]
What's wrong?
You either beg for mercy,
or we stick to my preferred
method of frying you alive.
But if I know my master,
he'd be upset if I turned you
into smoking piles of ash.
So let's get those
big, empty heads
on the ground
and start groveling.
And I might spare you.
Did you say "grovel"?
Don't be stupid.
Who do you think you are?
You expect me, the hero, Arios.
to bow his head to this
incompetent failure?
I refuse to acquiesce to these
patently foolish demands!
Indeed, why should
we have to grovel
if we didn't do anything wrong?
I, the great Leane,
wouldn't be caught dead
groveling for that loser!
Quite the unpleasant proposal.
Listen here, you little rat.
Keep your damn pets
on a tighter leash.
A negligent master has no place
taming the ultimate species.
They're not pets.
[ARIOS]
Oh, really?
I think spending all this
time with non-humans
has made you lose your mind.
Even if they are
the "ultimate species,"
they're still not human!
So, I don't see anything
problematic about referring
to your wanna-be
humanoid-animals as pets!
[KANADE, TANIA gasp]
Though, I must say, even
I can see they're attractive.
Why don't you cut the crap
and just admit that they're
your little play-thing pets
and not your friends.
[ARIOS cackles]
Oh, man, I get it now!
Rein's got the hots for animals!
No wonder you wanted
to be a beast tamer--
[groans]
[ALL gasping]
Damn, really?
You... You just hit me.
You're nothing but a
miserable, weak, beast tamer,
and you dare raise
your hand to the hero?!
And, I'll do it again and again.
Kanade and Tania are
my closest friends.
[TANIA, KANADE chuckle]
[REIN] You disrespect either
of them and you'll pay.
Oh, I'm gonna pay, huh?
It's all the same to me.
Why don't we just clear
up this whole debate,
right here... right now?
Hero's party versus you and
your so-called "friends."
We'll see who can walk the walk.
We're in.
[BOTH]
Let's go!
[KANADE chuckles]
[AGGATH]
Heh. I'm up against you, huh?
About time.
I've been waiting for
the day when I finally
get to test my blade
against an ultimate species.
[KANADE meows]
I'm gonna claw you to shreds
until you finally give
Rein a proper apology!
There's no reason
for me to apologize.
The hero's party has
never tolerated the weak.
All right, well, I tried
to do things the nice way!
[AGGATH gasps]
[AGGATH]
She's fast!
There's more where
that came from!
[KANADE grunting]
[AGGATH]
This woman--
she isn't just fast, each strike
hits with the force of a hammer!
Ugh! I can't hold out long!
Were you gonna
fight back, or what?
I guess the hero's party
isn't as great as they say!
[AGGATH] Watch your tongue,
you little brat!
[AGGATH grunts]
[KANADE]
Huh?
[AGGATH]
Dodge this!
Secret technique:
Hellfire and Brimstone Slash!
[KANADE meows]
[AGGATH]
Uh!
She deflected it?
That strike's been
known to melt steel
and she just batted it away
like a piece of string.
Silly boy!
You talked it up like it
was some big, bad thing
and I was prepared,
but I barely felt it!
It's just that I expected more.
[AGGATH grunts] This doesn't
ever happen, I swear!
Since we need Rein's help,
I didn't wanna use my
full strength to kill you.
[KANADE]
Hmm?
Get ready. I'll show you
everything I've got!
Don't blame me if it ends you!
Nya? Everything, huh?
I can show stuff, too.
[KANADE grunts]
Maybe I'll unleash half
of what I've got for you.
[gasps] What? There's no way.
[KANADE] I mean, if you're
gonna bare it all for me,
I guess I shouldn't
be so prudish.
Listen, if you happen
to get severely injured,
it's nothing purrsonal.
[AGGATH whimpers]
[AGGATH]
This cat spirit's only been
using a fraction of her power?
I don't believe it.
It's impossible!
But... if what she's
saying is actually true,
then it doesn't matter how I
fight, there's no way I can win!
Here I go!
Just tell me: Why is
someone with immense power
like yours serving
a weak, pathetic,
sorry excuse of
a beast tamer like him?
Open your eyes,
and you should see.
Rein is, and always will be,
stronger than your hero's party!
[AGGATH]
Please, don't do it--
[AGGATH groans]
[gasps] Ah! Maybe I went
a little bit overboard.
What am I saying? The way he
treated Rein made me furious
and was totally unacceptable!
Maybe you should learn
some manners, mister!
[TANIA]
Oh? Great.
I get to fight you two.
I would have preferred
to beat the hero,
but I'll let Rein enjoy
the spoils of that war...
...this time.
[LEANE] You may wanna drop
that attitude of yours.
[MINA] I will not let
you tarnish Arios' name!
I bet he could have
provided a real challenge,
but you two just look
flammable and squishy.
You wretched,
pea-brained lizard.
You're gonna regret you
ever opened that mouth.
Pride goeth before a fall.
[TANIA laughs]
Behold the power of my
thousand-spell repertoire
and suffer the gravity of
a star within your flesh!
Gather, oh, cleansing light.
--I summon Gravity Burst!
--[MINA] Unleash Holy Flare!
[BOTH gasp]
[MINA]
Did our spells just disappear?
[TANIA]
Pfft! Look at you!
[laughs] I can't!
If you could only see how
mortified and pale
your faces are!
That's so cute!
And here I thought you were
actually gonna try and beat me!
We have to work
together on this!
Indeed.
[LEANE] She's gotta be using
a cheap dispell or something.
Dragonoid, or whatever
the heck she is.
That same trick won't
work on me twice!
--[LEANE] I summon Red Crimson!
--[MINA] Judgment Arrow!
This'll play out the same
every time, you know.
[LEANE gasps]
Not again.
How can she...?
[LEANE]
What sorcery is this?
Material Canceler magic.
It analyzes an incoming spell
and swiftly counteracts it
with an appropriate wave
of magic to cancel it out.
[TANIA]
In other words,
I will extinguish
the flame of any spell
either of you try
and throw at me.
This is ridiculous!
I will not be talked down
to by a mere lizard-person!
The hero's party
has nothing to fear,
because it is blessed by
the divine protection of God!
Dragoon Howling!
And I summon Whiteout!
Summon, Ignito Javelin!
Summon, Icicle Lance!
Summon, Gale Storm!
I summon Wind Cutter!
[LEANE, MINA panting]
[LEANE]
I am the most consummate mage
with a repertoire
of a thousand spells!
Watch it, foolish one.
Bow down before
the power of God!
Oh, right. A thousand
spells. Power of God.
[sighs] It's all so ridiculous.
Rein, on the other hand,
will tame 10,000 beasts.
And some day,
he may even tame your God.
Wisdom of black and white,
devour everything in sight!
Double Disaster!
Scorching flame,
burn, burst bright.
Summon Fireball!
[LEANE, MINA gasp]
[TANIA] Goodness gracious,
have you finally given up?
Unlike you, I don't enjoy
preying on the weak
and kicking them
when they're down.
Unfortunately,
both of you seem to believe that
you can disparage my master
without any fear of consequences
or retribution from
anyone else, so...
[BOTH gasp]
[TANIA] As a special gift,
I'll show you true magic.
Not that pitiful, advanced magic
that you think is so special.
No, I'm talking
about epic magic.
By committing those
unforgivable sins,
you have earned the
almighty wrath of God.
May the power of heaven
crush your very souls.
[MINA]
What is she doing?
She wouldn't...
Hey, Mina, look up!
[MINA gasps]
[LEANE whimpers]
How do we defend against this?
[TANIA chuckles] I offer you
sinners a most gracious demise.
Ultimate End!
[BOTH whimper]
You would be wise
to accept your fate.
Leane, you can totally take her.
Why aren't you fighting back?
Like hell I am! Why don't
you do it yourself, huh?!
I can't do it, either!
I'm so sorry!
Please, forgive us!
[MINA]
Oh, God!
[BOTH crying]
Ka-boom!
I was just messin' with ya!
[MINA, LEANE grunt]
Goodness.
Pull yourselves together.
And for your own sake, try not
to be so gullible in the future.
Or perhaps I'll actually do it.
No.
I wouldn't wanna do anything
to upset my master, so...
You guys got lucky, so why
aren't you celebrating?
It was foolish of you to
turn on me like this, Rein.
An action you'll
surely begin to regret.
Not only did you turn
down a most generous offer,
one that would guarantee a
useless oaf of a beast tamer
some much needed job security,
but then, you decided to
challenge your old friends.
I'll see to it that--
Come on!
Damn it, Rein!
Why would you interrupt me when
I was trying to talk to you?
Because I'm done listening
to you take cheap shots at me.
[chuckles] Well, look at you.
Guess I'll shut up and put an
end to this once and for all!
[REIN grunts]
[REIN]
He's fast!
When I dodge,
he changes the blade's arc
to compensate and
drive me farther back.
As his enemy,
I'm forcefully reminded.
He might be a total jerk, but
his swordplay is remarkable!
[ARIOS chuckles]
What's wrong with you?
How do you plan to
defeat me, the great Arios,
if you keep running away
from the freakin' battle?
[REIN] The chosen hero; he's
an unspeakably powerful rival.
So why don't I fear him?
Where's the desperation
I felt when I faced Tania?
[yells]
[REIN]
He's the hero, but...
What, is this all you've got?
[gasps] He was able to block me?
[ARIOS] Where did he suddenly
get inhuman strength?
A normal beast tamer
shouldn't be this powerful.
[ARIOS grunts]
[ARIOS] It's not just strength!
He was never this agile before!
How?!
[ARIOS grunts]
How are you doing this?
[REIN]
You really want to know?
These are all the powers
of the beast tamer
that you used to mock me for.
My increased strength
was granted to me
when I established
a bond with Kanade.
The reason you
can't land any attacks
is because of my
years of training.
and from studying beast behavior
for the better part of my life.
Since our battle began--
no, since we worked together,
I've been watching you fight.
How many steps you take,
and where your eyes lead
before you attempt a feint.
Just shut up!
[REIN] It helps that
I'm already familiar
with your attack patterns.
Now, my own attacks--
they're greatly enhanced by
the power of a cat spirit!
[ARIOS groaning]
[REIN] This isn't a fair fight.
You can't win, Arios.
Give it up. Admit defeat.
[ARIOS grunts]
[ARIOS chuckles]
[ARIOS] You really are
as dumb as you look!
Have you already forgotten?
I have the hero's special
magic at my disposal!
I'll fry you to a burnt husk,
you worthless excuse
of a beast tamer!
--[ARIOS] Giga Volt!
--[REIN] Fireball!
Hah! You don't have the magic
power to fight against me!
[ARIOS gasps]
What's happening?
How did your novice fireball
nullify my advanced lightning?
[REIN]
Because of my bond with Tania,
even my magic is strong
enough to match, now!
[chuckles] I don't know what
little trick you used there,
but you're gonna
need more than that
to take away my advantage.
If I'm remembering
this correctly,
the only spells you know
are Fireball and Heal.
I might not be
as adept as Leane,
but I still command
a wide variety of spells!
[gasps]
[ARIOS cackles]
How long do you think you can
hold me off with that
novice magic of yours?
[REIN] It certainly would
be difficult to hold him off
with just two basic spells.
Thankfully, that's not
my only area of expertise.
[ARIOS] Can you afford
to take your eyes off me?!
It's about time we finish this--
[ARIOS gasps]
[ARIOS]
Huh? What's going on?
My body... going numb.
I told you something
a long time ago,
but it seems you forgot.
I don't just tame beasts,
but insects, as well!
This little guy is
known as an ahrbee
and his sting can paralyze.
When did you do that?
[REIN] I tamed it in
the middle of our fight.
While dodging your attacks,
I sent out thought-waves,
tracked down the
creature I wanted,
and forged a remote
temporary contract.
[ARIOS]
How? It isn't possible.
You were wrong when
you decided to judge
beast tamers as useless.
It's over, Arios.
You lost.
Sorry to say,
I'm still pissed at you for
mocking Kanade and Tania.
They are my friends, you know.
[gasps] Wait, please!
I may have been wrong about
a few things here and there,
but, Rein!
Think about it! We were
friends, too, remember?
Weren't we? Well?
[REIN growls]
[ARIOS]
All right, I get it!
I surrender to you!
Please just forgive me!
Spare me!
This thing ends...
[ARIOS]
Rein, please!
...right now!
[ARIOS screams]
[REIN]
Just so you know,
if I really hit you,
you'd be dead.
Consider this a warning.
[REIN chuckles]
Why does revenge always
get such a bad rap?
I gotta say,
it feels pretty good!
[KANADE, TANIA]
Rein!
Huh?
[KANADE]
Hey!
Kanade! Tania!
[BOTH chuckling]
[REIN chuckles]
[ALL laughing]
[KANADE]
Next Time: "The Lost Woods."